- Amanda Tanner is pregnant.
- What?
Previously on Scandal...
And I wanna tell the world what he did.
- Amanda...
- I want them all to burn for this.
You don't have to worry
about that sex tape,
because who needs a sex tape
when you've got a fetus full
of Presidential DNA?
It's not my baby.
I'm out. I gonna tell them the truth.
She's not our problem, she's a kid.
Our real problem is Olivia Pope.
President Fitzgerald Thomas Grant,
the Third,
has declared war on you, Olivia.
May God have mercy on your soul.
Answers, people. We need answers.
And time is of the essence.
Her phone's gone. And her purse.
She ran away.
You told her
she was gonna have to go on TV,
she freaked out, and she ran away.
I gotta say, as crime scenes go,
it's pretty clean.
No broken locks, no signs of struggle,
and I'm not finding any prints
aside from yours and Amanda's.
Because it's not a crime scene.
Because she ran away.
- There's someone watching you.
- What?
Your trash is gone
and it's not trash day.
And there's a sedan
parked across the street.
U.S. Government plates.
Tinted windows.
What about Amanda, Huck?
Whoever it was
came up through the service elevator.
Picked the lock on the back door,
sedated her,
taped her up, got her in a duffel bag.
In and out, probably seven minutes.
Six, if they were quick.
How do you know?
That's how I would do it.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My secretary has a standing order
to stop you from walking in here.
Alissa, you're fired.
One of my clients is missing.
Have you looked in jail?
You often seem to find them there.
Her name is Amanda Tanner.
She's 27
and she was staying in my apartment.
- How long has she been gone?
- Five, six hours.
You consider that missing?
That's barely enough time
To rack up a good bar tab.
- Oh, God.
- What's wrong?
I know I ask a lot of you,
but this Amanda thing is big.
She's a good kid
and she was under my protection.
Can you help me find her?
- I'll see what I can do.
- Thank you, David.
Don't fire Alissa. I snuck in
while she was in the bathroom.
You're late.
I keep trying Amanda's phone
- but it goes straight to voice mail.
- I say, "All hands on deck"...
Harrison, she's our client,
she's missing.
...I mean all hands on deck.
We should be doing things,
things should be happening.
Shouldn't we at least file
a missing persons report?
Just 'cause you don't see
things happening
doesn't mean things aren't happening.
With Olivia,
things are always happening.
I just don't...
What could possibly be more important
than Amanda right now?
That.
sync and corrections by majtjkong
I first met Paul ten years ago,
at the Governor's Conference.
I thought my speech was pretty killer,
so when Paul took me aside afterward,
I was looking forward to simply,
"Congratulations, Fitz,
"you moved me to tears. "
And then for ten very long minutes
he told me point by point
why every word out of my mouth
was not only wrong,
but potentially the dumbest thing
any politician had ever said.
Senator Sanchez told you the hard truth
because he cared,
because he thought
we could all do better.
He scored no political points.
He never asked for anything in return,
but he earned my profound gratitude.
And today, my profound sadness.
Of course, the Senator would be
the first to object if I stood up here today
and talked about him,
and failed to mention
the 119 other people
who died this morning.
This is a tragic day for all of us.
Our prayers are with all those
who lost loved ones on Flight 684.
Where's my daughter?
I can't...
Miss Pope. Nelson O'Shea,
Pilots' Union. Nice to finally meet you.
Yes. I wish
it were under better circumstances.
Yes, very sad.
So, it's a standard crash investigation.
We'll need you to make a statement
on behalf the Pilots' Union
to the press as soon as possible.
Airline PR is up there right now,
so as soon as they're...
You let them go first?
I didn't think it was a problem.
Sky National has immediately activated
our emergency response protocol
and is in direct contact with the FAA
and NTSB.
Although our primary concern
at this time
is for the passengers on board
the aircraft and their families,
we're able to assure you
this particular plane
has a perfect safety record.
And there it is.
They are saying it's the pilot's fault.
No, he didn't, he just said...
They're not saying it,
but they're saying it.
And this crowd's eating it up
with a spoon.
Make sure
we know when the memorial is,
so we can clear my schedule.
Sir, we ought to take this chance
to bring the DREAM Act to a vote.
Cyrus, the poor man is still scattered
across the Virginia countryside
and you wanna start using him
to leverage a vote?
Paul wanted this more than anything.
A pathway to citizenship
for immigrant kids who go to college.
- He'd be honored.
- It's a divisive issue,
even within our own party.
Let me put a call in to his wife.
See if she'll reach out
to the fence sitters.
- How close is the vote?
- Nose count has us within four or five.
Nah. We're gonna look opportunistic.
Never let a crisis go to waste,
Mr. President.
Make the call.
And how long was her tour of duty
in the Air National Guard?
And she flew C-141 s out of Dover?
Okay, thank you so much.
How many times do I have to tell you,
you can't just walk in here
whenever you feel like it?
Look. Amanda Tanner is gone
and that means my story is gone,
but it also means your client is gone,
so I thought I could just walk in here
and talk to you.
If Amanda is gone,
and I'm not saying she is,
then I'm sure Olivia's working on it.
Well, I saw the news. Doesn't she have
her hands full with this plane crash?
Sometimes just because
you can't see things
happening doesn't mean
they're not happening. Or something.
You know, if she is gone.
There's a missing persons report,
Quinn.
There's a report?
Who filed it?
Amanda's father.
So what are you calling yourself now?
Huck. You?
Charlie. Huck Finn? That's funny.
Well, Charlie, like Charlie Brown?
- I thought you were dead.
- I'm not dead.
Huck freaking Finn?
Don't make fun of my name.
- You out of business?
- I was never in business.
It's lucrative when you contract out.
I'm a retired government employee.
Oh, really? You sure?
You know what they say:
Once you go black, you never go back.
Ops, that is. Black ops.
You never could tell a decent joke.
So what do you want, man?
Female, 5'4", 105 pounds,
27 years old, Amanda Lynn Tanner?
Don't know what you're talking about.
You're getting sloppy in your old age.
You crossed the street at a light.
I got you on the traffic cam.
Well, then. You don't need
to ask me about her now, do you?
You got me on the traffic cam.
Yeah. But where is she?
No, no. That's tacky. It's tasteless.
You know better than to ask.
What did you think?
That you were gonna buy me
an assassin's brunch
and then we'd hold hands?
No. Geez.
Now you're off looking for missing girls?
Come on. Tacky. Stop looking.
She's gone.
Hey, you ever wanna come back,
make a little more money
than the U.S. Government pays,
you give me a call. Talent like yours
should not go to waste.
And it's not like Charlie Brown.
Like Manson.
Charlie Manson. Now that's a name.
Huck Finn?
Come on.
Hey, buddy.
Welcome, everyone.
This is the preliminary CVR meeting
of all interested parties
to Sky National Flight 684.
This morning
I'll play the black box recording
in its entirety without stopping.
You'll hear it once and once only.
The National Transportation
Safety Board prohibits you
from recording
what you're about to hear.
You are allowed to take notes
but you're prohibited from taking
those notes from this room.
Any questions?
Here it is, my special fruit drink,
That's good, What's in it?
Cranberry, grapefruit,
It'd be perfect with some vodka,
Sky National 684,
you're cleared to descend to
and maintain 5,000,
Roger National 684,
we'll be out of 15 for five,
National
684, we got a Sky Coast Aerostream
four miles away at two o'clock,
Possible wake turbulence,
You may feel a bump or two,
684's got the Aerostream,
And I feel the bump or two,
Hang on, I'm pitching down,
We're nose down,
Sky National 684, I show descending,
What's your status?
Kick rudder,
Lori, left rudder, Left rudder!
Sky National 684, what's your status?
684, Emergency!
Left rudder! Left rudder!
What the hell are you...
Here we go!
No, there was a loud bang
and the Captain was saying, "Hang on. "
No, that was the First Officer.
Fine, but I can't remember if he said it
before or after the two thumps.
Before. I think. Or maybe after,
I don't know. I should have written
the whole thing on my arm.
It was before. The two thumps.
It was loud thump, loud thump,
long clicking sound,
short clicking sound,
then three faint thumps.
The First Officer saying,
"Left rudder, left rudder!
"What the hell are you...
Here we go. "
I got a good ear.
But I'll tell you what I didn't hear
in the last ten seconds. The pilot.
Soon as they hit the wake
from the Aerostream,
I think she panicked.
Maybe overcorrected.
It was like she didn't hear or she froze.
Which is exactly
what the airline will say.
If Sky National can prove pilot error
they save millions of dollars.
They don't have to ground their fleet,
do extra maintenance.
They have every reason to wanna trash
Lori Mackelson in the press.
Cast her as a panicking,
PMS-ing woman
who can't handle a little turbulence.
Lori had 16,000 flight hours
under her belt. She didn't panic.
She was a great pilot,
under any conditions.
She did not freeze.
Can I help you, sir?
Not unless you can bring my wife back.
All I want them to do is to get up there
and say she didn't do this.
Believe me, Andrew,
we're gonna do everything
we can to clear your wife's name.
Why haven't you said anything?
The news's already said
the plane was perfect!
Can't you just call a press conference?
If I get up there and play defense,
hold my gloves in front of my face?
It confirms their narrative.
We need to change their narrative.
We need to anticipate
what they're going to say about Lori
before they say it and then hit back.
With evidence.
So lay it on me.
What is the worst thing they can say?
She's been sober for over 20 years.
She still goes to AA meetings
from time to time.
- So she's an alcoholic.
- That's not how I would phrase it.
Which is why they will.
Sources say that the flight crew,
including the Captain and First Officer,
were drinking at the hotel...
...regulations prohibit
the consumption of alcohol
12 hours before...
...crew was in direct
violation of these regulations,
Boy, were they hammered.
Not the pilots though, right?
Two pilots. Six flight attendants.
Hammered.
Even...
I said,
"Y'all better not be flyin' tomorrow. "
She says to me, "Don't worry.
These planes these days,
"they fly themselves. "
Can you believe it?
According to the manufacturer
the MW-85 has a perfect safety...
One of the top
performing passenger planes
in the world,
Plane has met with
nothing but praise from the aviation...
I could lose my job,
I just need a quick peek
at the mechanic reports.
You're asking for a lot.
You're not offering much there, Stevie.
No one will ever know.
Our little secret, huh?
Maybe if you wanna come by
my apartment?
Around 8:00?
I'd like to get in a workout
and have time to rinse off.
Early indications
from the black box recording
indicate that the airport tower
tried to communicate...
Damn it! They already leaked
what was on the black box?
Somewhere in that recording
is the truth. We need our own copy.
I'll get Huck on it.
...every action
they're taking to the tower,
Pleas from the First Officer
also appear to have been ignored,
I was this close
to getting the mechanic's report.
What happened?
I lost my superpowers.
I'm engaged. I can't use every tool
in the box anymore.
And by tool, you would mean your...
Okay. Just find another tack, Stephen.
We need those reports. Abby?
Bartender confirms that both pilots
and all six flight attendants
were drinking.
Six? Manifest listed five.
Think one of them
didn't make the flight?
Black box recording.
How'd you get it?
NTSB server. Kid's play.
Olivia, may I talk to you?
Check the airline schedule,
see what attendants
were supposed to fly 684.
Got it.
- In your office?
See what other flight crews
were passing through Philly that night.
- Got it.
- Where's Quinn?
- Has anybody seen Quinn?
- I think she went out.
- Where's the manifest?
- On my desk.
- She's dead.
- There is a missing flight attendant
who is alive right now, we need
to find her before the airline does.
Amanda Tanner is dead.
Are you sure?
Roll down the window.
You tell your boy, you talk
into that little radio in your sleeve
and you tell the President I know.
I know what he did to her.
I know.
Shanker and Holiday are both on board.
But we're still three votes short.
You'd make it a lot easier on the VP
if you could throw in a few carrots
for border security.
It might give us something to work with.
Come on now, Billy.
Are you telling me you can't work
with bright, energetic young people
earning their way to citizenship
through good grades and hard work?
It's not that, Mr. President...
Great! Then I will count
on the Vice President's active support.
Yeah?
Quinn.
- Who is this?
- Hank Tanner. I'm Amanda's father.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I stopped by Amanda's place
and found Mr. Tanner outside.
Amanda said that she came to work
for you after she left the White House.
Yes. That's right.
I don't mean to be a bother here,
but I've been talking to Mandy
every day since she was in the hospital.
And then I haven't heard anything
from her,
so I decided to come up here and
make sure that everything was all right.
Her mother is really worried about her.
It's okay, Mr. Tanner.
Everything's going to be fine. I promise.
Mr. Tanner,
you look like you could use a cup of tea.
Quinn, would you help me get some tea
for Mr. Tanner?
Thank you.
What you did back there,
you made a promise.
We don't make promises.
- But...
- Amanda Tanner is dead.
- What?
- She's dead.
- How do you know?
- We know.
But we can't tell him we know
because we're not supposed to know
when there is no body.
So right now
we're gonna go back in there
and give that nice man a cup of tea
and tell him we are doing everything
in our power
to find his daughter.
And don't ever promise an outcome
we can't deliver.
I have to take this.
Are we on a secure line?
Why the hell
are you threatening my agents?
You mean the men you sent
to follow and scare me?
You told them you know
what I did to her. To who?
- Amanda Tanner?
- Playing dumb doesn't suit you.
Olivia, either say what you mean
or stop...
War is war. Fine. But murder is murder!
Amanda is dead?
She has a dad.
A really nice man
who's looking for his daughter.
How do you think he's gonna feel
when he finds out
that the man he voted for
had his daughter killed?
I didn't do this,
You know me. You know I didn't do this.
I don't know anything,
Trust your gut,
Your gut's never wrong.
I don't have a gut anymore.
Livvie...
Come to the White House
and look me in the eye.
We need to talk about this, face to face.
Face to face is over.
That girl is dead.
This wasn't me.
You know me.
And the thought that I would ever,
that I could ever...
You know me.
If you didn't kill her,
we both know who did.
Tell me I'm wrong.
You let a pit bull off his leash,
he mauls a baby,
no one blames the dog.
You let Cyrus off his leash.
That's on you.
- Carly Reston?
- Yeah?
You're a flight attendant
for Sky National?
God! Look, I called in sick before
I went to bed last night,
which is more than six hours
in advance.
So if you couldn't find anyone to cover,
it's not my fault.
You're not from corporate, are you?
All of them? Everyone?
Yes.
- Sammi?
- All of them. Everyone.
I need to know
if Captain Mackelson was drinking
at your party at the bar last night.
Lori? No way. She's been sober
for, like, a million years.
Goes to meetings in every city
on the route.
She almost never comes out with us,
anyway.
The only reason
she even came out with us last night
is 'cause it was my birthday.
You didn't tell me
Amanda Tanner used to work
in the White House.
You didn't tell me
she had a previous suicide attempt.
You pretty much didn't tell me
a single thing about the girl
whom you tasked me with finding.
So if I'm about to step
into political quicksand here,
I'd like to know it before I sink.
I can't tell you any more
than I've told you.
But you know more.
And if you can't tell me more,
then you're actually obstructing justice!
I'm sorry, David.
You know
what the flags are for?
Yellow's where they picked up pieces
of the fuselage.
Red's for body parts.
I heard
one of the emergency workers talking.
It's how they keep track
of whose parts are whose.
Andrew, you should really get back.
When my mom died,
we had an open casket.
When my dad died
It's how we say goodbye.
What are my kids gonna see
when they look in Lori's casket?
A red flag?
I'd like to correct,
in the strongest terms possible,
the idea that the pilot, Lori Mackelson,
had been drinking
the night before the crash.
She had not.
And we have a witness to that effect.
A little history about Lori.
She was married to Andrew Mackelson
for 17 years.
They have two boys. Carter, age 15,
and Jonathan, age 12.
I don't want to ask you to do this,
because it's not what you do anymore.
You want the body.
I know what I'm asking.
And if it's too much for you,
if you don't want to,
you can say no. That'll be the end of it.
We'll find another way.
I'll take care of it.
Huck, you need reeling in, you call me.
I'll come for you.
I got this.
I'm good to go.
No problem.
DiGrazzo flipped!
It took a lot of pork
and a guarantee of heavy campaigning
from you in New Jersey
come mid-terms.
We're only two away now.
Amanda Tanner's dead.
How sad.
Aren't you gonna ask how it happened?
No. Should I?
A young woman died.
A member of this administration.
I said how sad I was.
You didn't hear me? I'll say it again.
How sad. Let's lower the flags.
For God sakes, Cy, show some respect.
120 innocent Americans. Children.
Mommies and daddies and best friends
and husbands and wives
died in that plane crash yesterday.
That's sad.
We lost one of the few sane and worthy
members of the Senate yesterday.
That's sad.
Four Navy Seals died in Afghanistan.
And that doesn't even touch Sudan,
Congo, northern Mexico, that's sad.
But the disturbed girl
who made it her life's mission
to take down this administration,
one who was happily, no, gleefully
carrying your illegitimate bastard child,
she's no longer with us?
Well, I'm sorry if I'm not sitting shivah.
I'm sorry if I can't help
but see the millions of people
that we'll actually be able to help
now that Amanda Tanner is gone.
I am sorry,
but this is a good thing.
It is a good thing for us.
And it is a good thing for the country.
What happened to McKinley?
I was just getting used to seeing
his judge-y face every morning.
He's being restored,
his judge-y face got flaky.
What's your preference,
Madison or Van Buren?
Van Buren has a certain wisdom
about him.
What's bothering you?
I think we're gonna pass
the DREAM Act.
Cyrus is on it like a dog with a bone.
You know, he called Sanchez' widow?
Good. It needs to be passed.
Still, there should be limits.
We're political animals,
we're not animals.
Sometimes I think
he's too willing to go to extremes.
Tom, Hal, will you come here, please.
- Tom?
- Yes, ma'am?
You would take a bullet
for the President, wouldn't you?
- Yes, ma'am.
- Hal?
Yes, ma'am, I would.
Thank you. That's all.
There isn't a person in this building
who isn't willing
to go to extremes for you.
I got it.
- You got it?
- Got what?
- Mechanic report. I got it.
- How'd you get it?
- I got it.
- Bet you did.
- I looked through 200 reports,
every inspection made on this plane
in the last year.
These are two separate reports.
This one signed and dated
by a mechanic in Phoenix last fall.
by a mechanic in Philly a week ago,
the last inspection before the crash.
No problems reported in either.
That's bad for us, right?
That means the plane was fine?
- Read line four.
Power control unit.
Notice anything?
He misspelled control, but...
- Line four.
It's misspelled here, too.
What are the chances?
Identical reports.
Signed by different mechanics
in different cities, months apart.
The Philly report is fake.
The last inspection of the plane
before it crashed was forged?
What's your status?
Kick rudder,
Lori, left rudder, Left rudder!
Sky National 684, what's your status?
684, emergency!
Left rudder! Left rudder!
What the hell are you...
684, emergency!
Thank you.
That is your signature?
- No, it is. But that's not my report.
That's not my handwriting.
I wouldn't misspell "control,"
I won my sixth grade spelling bee.
You were the last one to inspect
the plane before it crashed.
Can you tell me what you said
in your report?
Hey. I just turn 'em in, all right?
This thing's not on me.
I'm not here to blame you.
I just want you to remember.
It's important.
First, I would've checked the PCU,
then the summing levers.
You wanna make sure they're okay,
'cause if they're not,
you risk the rudder
deflecting to full blowdown limit.
I'm trying to think if something
was going on with the levers.
If there was,
I would've put the plane down.
I seem to remember
recommending that for one of my birds.
Hold it, slow down...
I don't wanna miss any of this.
What exactly are you saying?
Are you saying...
There's something wrong
with the plane.
- What?
- She didn't panic.
She didn't freeze.
She was doing everything right.
That's what the noises are,
it's her responding,
but it didn't matter 'cause there was
something wrong with the plane!
I know, I know.
Just showing up at someone's house,
it's so tacky.
But we really do need to talk about
what happened to Amanda Tanner.
Okay, Charlie?
Kick rudder, Lori, left rudder,
Right there. Hear that?
Those three soft thumps?
They're there, trust me.
- Trust him.
- It's the sound of Lori pushing
on the left rudder, but the pedal
won't move. It won't let her go left.
- Why not?
- The thing that makes the rudder
go left or right.
According to the mechanic,
one of its parts was bent.
It'd be like making a right turn
in your car
and having the steering wheel lock up
on you.
The mechanic mentions the bent lever
in his report, but that report's gone.
This is good, Andrew.
We can use this.
It means Lori did
everything in her power
to stop the plane from going down.
It means it wasn't her fault.
Then whose fault was it?
My wife is dead.
120 people are dead.
Who's to blame for that?
Well, we really appreciate
your help.
And I know Senator Sanchez would,
too. This is a great way to honor him.
We'll have you and Lynn over to dinner
at the residence next week.
Okay. Thank you, Senator. Yep, bye.
Jankowski is in!
Well done, everyone!
All right!
As long as Brownhill's gallbladder
keeps him at home
we have got a tie.
And the deciding vote
is cast by the Vice President.
I'm sorry, I tried again this morning,
but...
Don't do this to me, Billy.
We're gonna need one more.
Get your boss up here.
This has gone far enough.
I don't want you to think that
I'm doing this because I'm mad at you.
I'm not. I'm not.
You trained me
but it was the Agency, really.
They took stuff from me,
and not just my name or my ability
to ever contact my family again.
I was young. I was fresh out of college
and they made it sound fun.
We had fun, didn't we?
That's the problem.
It's horrible. And it's sickening.
And just when you think
you can't take anymore, it gets fun.
The U.S. Government
really knows its stuff, yeah?
Something in you just falls away
and it gets fun.
There's a high. It's good. It's so good.
Which is what I wanna remind you of,
how good it can get.
You think about that. Okay?
I'm thinking about it.
'Cause I'm rusty, I'm sober,
this is gonna be bad for me for a while.
But I'm gonna push
through the horrible and the sickening
and then something's gonna fall away
and I'm gonna start enjoying myself.
All right?
And we both know
what an artist I can be.
And like any junkie,
I'm gonna enjoy the high
for as long as I can. Okay?
You ready, old friend?
Madam Vice President.
Thanks for coming
on such short notice.
It's an honor
to be invited to the party, sir.
I just came from a prayer meeting.
You know how my people like to pray.
- I do.
- My Cassidy was only 12 years old
when I was deciding
whether or not to take the VP slot
and she said, "Do it, Mama.
"Governor Grant walks with the Lord. "
Can you believe
she was only 12 years old?
Very precocious, that Cassidy.
We did it, Sally.
The DREAM Act is tied in the Senate.
And you will have the great honor
of casting the deciding vote.
- Sir, I'm afraid that I...
- We made a hell of a team
out on the campaign trail, didn't we?
The children of illegal immigrants
should not be allowed to take part
in the bounty of America, Mr. President.
That is not God's plan.
I will never forget the way
you brought those people to their feet
in Utah. Rain pouring down
on 10,000 tired people
and they jumped up like a Baptist choir.
That is the closest I've ever seen
to political magic.
I'm not saying
that they shouldn't be allowed
to partake in certain paths
to legal immigration.
You're an experienced politician,
and a woman of God.
So I'm not gonna waste your time
by trying to talk you into something
that you've obviously
given a lot of serious thought to.
So let's just get right to it.
You intend to be President one day.
- Sir, I...
- And whatever our disagreements,
this country could use
a woman President.
But of the 14 Vice Presidents
in our history
who have gone on
to assume the Presidency,
do you know how many have done so
without the endorsement
of the President they served?
None, sir.
We're going to do great things together,
you and I.
Great things.
And we're going to start
by passing the DREAM Act.
Sir.
It's my honor, sir.
Cyrus.
She's in. Deal closed. We're good.
Bill will pass, no problem,
or I will tear her right wing guts out.
I'm back.
I am back.
Cyrus.
Cyrus?
We got a blackmail letter. A demand.
It's not Olivia. It's not Amanda.
Olivia's not this crazy
and Amanda's dead.
Which means there's someone else.
A third party.
Olivia did not send us that sex tape.
Someone else did.
Cyrus. What's the demand?
Oh, Charlie.
You make a beautiful noise.
They did, you know, take stuff from me,
the U.S. Government.
After I started not being able to sleep,
after I started crying
when I wrapped a guy in plastic,
they put me in a hole
nobody wants to be in.
And I don't mean a metaphorical hole.
I mean an actual hole.
They took stuff from me, Charlie.
So much stuff that I was homeless
on the subway
begging for change when Liv found me,
which is why I'm breaking my sobriety,
'cause she asked. Okay?
And I'm telling you this
because I want you to understand
that I owe her.
So I'm not gonna stop
until you tell me where Amanda is.
You get that?
Tell me where she is.
Charlie. I have a scalpel. A ten blade.
I will peel you like a grape.
You're gonna retire to New Mexico.
It's nice there.
But, first, you're gonna tell me
where Amanda Tanner's body is.
All right?
Okay.
Alissa, you're fired again.
What?
Fourteenth Street Bridge.
You're gonna need a diving team.
Are you okay?
Not really.
Okay.
Good evening,
This is the 37 th time
I have spoken to you from this office,
I would have preferred
to carry through to the finish,
whatever the personal agony
it would have involved,
Therefore, I shall resign the presidency
effective at noon tomorrow,
As we look to the future,
the first essential is to begin healing
the wounds of this nation,
to put the bitterness,
divisions of the recent past behind us,
I hope that I will have hastened
the start of that process of healing
which is so desperately needed
in America,
What exactly are you insinuating,
Ms. Pope?
I don't like to insinuate.
I'd rather deduce likely scenarios.
And in my scenario,
you get a mechanic's report that says
you have to ground all your MW-85s,
which would cost you millions
and send your customers
running to your competitors.
You'd worry about what
your stockholders are going to say.
You'd worry about your job.
That's understandable.
If I'm the CEO,
it's the last thing I'd want.
So, one report goes missing.
No harm, no foul.
That is,
until 120 people fall out of the sky.
This is not some kind of conspiracy
if that's what...
She doesn't insinuate. She deduces.
I started this airline with one plane,
two pilots
and an old furniture warehouse
converted to a hangar.
I lost seven employees yesterday.
The senior flight attendant,
Sammi Tyler, was one of my first hires.
Believe me,
I want the truth just as much as you do.
So why did this report disappear?
Why didn't it get passed up the line?
I don't know.
Somebody does.
Phyllis Hayes?
I'm Harrison Wright. I'm here to...
I know why you're here, Mr. Wright.
Two people used to do my job
and now it's just me.
That's not an excuse.
It just means things pile up.
I had a huge backlog of mechanic
reports from all over the country
and I had to get them out,
push them up the ladder.
They fire you if you don't get them in
on time at headquarters.
My youngest daughter
was having a piano recital
and I didn't wanna miss it.
I already missed one this year.
So I duplicated one of the reports.
I didn't think it was a big deal.
I believe this is what you're looking for.
I'm never going to hear her play
without thinking about
all those people.
She's very good at the piano,
my daughter.
I'm sure she is, Ms. Hayes.
I've come here tonight
to express my sincere condolences
to the victims and the families
of Flight 684.
As of this afternoon,
Sky National has participated fully
in the NTSB investigation,
and we understand and accept our role
in the events leading up to the crash.
So I would like to take this time
to apologize
to all those who lost loved ones
in this tragic event,
including the families of the crew
and of Captain Lori Mackelson
who fought so valiantly until the end
to prevent this terrible tragedy.
Thank you.
That's Mandy.
This is my daughter.
She didn't suffer.
How do you...
'Cause I know what you do to people
to make them suffer.
She didn't suffer.
It was a good death.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Hal, Tom.
Can you guys come in here
a second, please?
What if I wanted to get out of here?
- Sir?
- The Press Corps lid is on,
staff has all gone home.
What if I wanted to leave?
I don't think that...
That's not possible, sir.
You're gonna tell me 41 never left?
Forty-three never went out for a drink?
Okay, seriously, 42?
Bill Clinton?
William Jefferson Clinton never left?
I wouldn't know about past presidents...
Kennedy never left the White House
in secret?
- What am I, born yesterday?
- Sir, we have no knowledge of a...
Fine. I wanna go somewhere
spontaneously. How do I do that?
I would inform our immediate supervisor
at the Secret Service,
who'd inform
the Head of the Secret Service
and the White House Press Secretary,
who'd inform
the White House Press Corps.
150 individuals would assemble,
along with
your bulletproof Presidential limousine,
your chase and follow car,
your ambulance,
two unmarked vehicles
as well as the sharpshooters
and Marine Guard...
- No.
- Sir?
What if I wanted
to go somewhere alone?
No Secret Service,
no press, no anything.
Technically,
the President of the United States
is allowed to refuse the protection
of the Secret Service but...
But, what?
It needs to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury, sir.
And recorded in the national record.
- I'm not a prisoner.
No, sir.
I am the most powerful man
on the planet.
Yes, sir.
- But I can't leave my house?
No, sir.
- You see where I might be
a little annoyed?
Yes, sir.
I am a grown man.
I'm going to leave here.
If I have to walk out
to the staff parking lot
with you two following me,
jump into someone's 1994 Civic
and drive off without protection,
I am going to leave.
I would like to be safe
and not jeopardize the economy
of this country when I did so.
Can you come up with a way
to make that happen?
Two sedans, covered parking.
One sharpshooter and your ambulance.
One sedan and covered parking.
No sharpshooters and no ambulance.
One sedan, covered parking,
no sharpshooters,
we keep the ambulance
and add two agents.
Sold.
Just like 43.
Yep.
Personal belongings
on her body, no sign of foul play,
slashed her wrists a month ago.
Cops wanna rule it a suicide,
coroner wants to rule it a suicide.
So it's gonna be ruled a suicide?
Yep.
So, who do you think killed her?
See, I've got this nagging feeling
you've got a pretty good idea.
I know I give you a long leash
on a lot of things.
And I like to,
because despite my better judgment
and all my protests to the contrary,
I really do consider you a friend.
But I can't look the other way here.
Not on this.
I'm an Assistant U.S. Attorney, Liv.
I prosecute crime.
I get the bad guys.
So at some point, even with you,
I gotta draw the line.
I gotta do my job,
gotta be the sheriff.
The white hat looks good on you.
Lisa.
I'm gonna need that autopsy report
fast-tracked, as soon as you can.
Well, I can tell you right now
it's gonna be a suicide.
I'm still gonna need the report.
Are you still engaged?
Not so engaged
that I don't remember the freezer.
Hey!
I left you ten messages. I just heard.
It's horrible. I couldn't reach you,
I didn't know what to do
so I just started making grilled cheese,
because it's literally the only thing
I know how to make
and it's comfort food
and I figured you'd be hungry and you...
Quinn, are you okay?
Congressman Mike Tans of Indiana
welcoming compromise, or cautioning
against taking too much credit...
What? Wait. Hold on.
Coming! Stephen.
It's not his.
- What?
- I just got the coroner's report,
The blood types don't match.
Amanda was pregnant,
but the baby was not the President's,
Liv? Liv, are you there?
Hi.
sync and corrections by majtjkong
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org